# Instructions

- Following Playwright test failed.
- Explain why, be concise, respect Playwright best practices.
- Provide a snippet of code with the fix, if possible.

# Test info

- Name: imdb_SatyajitRay.spec.js >> IMDb Satyajit Ray - Functional Tests >> Biography section is visible
- Location: tests/imdb_SatyajitRay.spec.js:39:9

# Error details

```
Error: expect(locator).toBeVisible() failed

Locator: getByText('BiographySatyajit Ray')
Expected: visible
Error: strict mode violation: getByText('BiographySatyajit Ray') resolved to 2 elements:
    1) <hgroup class="sc-243b171-8 eMNvJi">…</hgroup> aka getByTestId('atf-wrapper-bg').getByText('BiographySatyajit Ray')
    2) <section class="ipc-page-section ipc-page-section--base">…</section> aka getByText('BiographySatyajit Ray was')

Call log:
  - Expect "toBeVisible" with timeout 5000ms
  - waiting for getByText('BiographySatyajit Ray')

```

# Page snapshot

```yaml
- generic [active] [ref=e1]:
  - generic [ref=e2]:
    - navigation [ref=e3]:
      - link "Home" [ref=e4] [cursor=pointer]:
        - /url: /?ref_=nmbio_nv_home
        - img [ref=e5]
      - generic "Open navigation drawer" [ref=e14] [cursor=pointer]:
        - generic [ref=e17]: Menu
      - search [ref=e19]:
        - generic "All" [ref=e23] [cursor=pointer]:
          - generic [ref=e24]: All
        - generic [ref=e27]:
          - combobox [ref=e28]:
            - textbox "Search IMDb" [ref=e29]
            - listbox
          - status [ref=e30]: 8 suggestions available
        - button "Submit search" [ref=e31] [cursor=pointer]
      - link "Go To IMDb Pro" [ref=e36] [cursor=pointer]:
        - /url: https://pro.imdb.com/login/ap?u=/login/lwa&imdbPageAction=signUp&rf=cons_nb_hm&ref_=cons_nb_hm
        - img [ref=e39]
      - link "Watchlist" [ref=e51] [cursor=pointer]:
        - /url: /list/watchlist/?ref_=nmbio_nv_urwls_all
        - generic [ref=e53]: Watchlist
      - link "Sign in" [ref=e55] [cursor=pointer]:
        - /url: /registration/signin/?u=%2Fname%2Fnm0006249%2Fbio%2F&ref_=nmbio_nv_generic_lgin
        - generic [ref=e56]: Sign in
      - generic "Toggle language selector" [ref=e59] [cursor=pointer]:
        - generic [ref=e61]: EN
      - status
    - status
    - main [ref=e64]:
      - generic:
        - iframe [ref=e66]:
          - iframe [ref=f49e2]:
            - generic [active] [ref=f57e1]:
              - img [ref=f57e2]
              - img [ref=f57e3]
              - img [ref=f57e4]
              - img [ref=f57e5]
              - img [ref=f57e6]
              - img [ref=f57e7]
              - img [ref=f57e8]
              - img [ref=f57e9]
              - img [ref=f57e10]
              - img [ref=f57e11]
              - img [ref=f57e12]
        - iframe [ref=e68]:
          - iframe [ref=f50e2]:
            - generic [active] [ref=f58e1]:
              - iframe [ref=f58e2]:
                
              - iframe [ref=f58e3]:
                
              - img [ref=f58e4]
              - iframe [ref=f58e5]:
                
              - iframe [ref=f58e6]:
                - generic [active] [ref=f62e1]:
                  - img [ref=f62e2]
                  - img [ref=f62e3]
                  - img [ref=f62e4]
                  - img [ref=f62e5]
                  - img [ref=f62e6]
              - iframe [ref=f58e7]:
                
              - iframe [ref=f58e8]:
                - generic [active] [ref=f64e1]:
                  - img
                  - img
                  - img
                  - img
                  - img
                  - img
                  - img
                  - img
                  - img
                  - img
                  - img
                  - img
                  - img
                  - img
                  - img
                  - img
                  - img
                  - img
                  - img
                  - img
                  - img
                  - img
                  - img
                  - img
                  - img
                  - img
                  - img
                  - img
                  - img
                  - img
                  - img
                  - img
                  - img
                  - img
                  - img
                  - img
                  - img
                  - img
                  - img
              - iframe [ref=f58e9]:
                
              - img [ref=f58e10]
              - iframe [ref=f58e11]:
                
      - generic [ref=e69]:
        - generic [ref=e74]:
          - generic [ref=e75]:
            - link "Back" [ref=e76] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: /name/nm0006249/?ref_=nmbio_ov_bk
              - text: Back
            - generic [ref=e79]:
              - link "Biography" [ref=e80] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: /name/nm0006249/bio/?ref_=nmbio_ov_ql_1
              - link "Awards" [ref=e81] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: /name/nm0006249/awards/?ref_=nmbio_ov_ql_2
              - link "Trivia" [ref=e82] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: /name/nm0006249/trivia/?ref_=nmbio_ov_ql_3
              - link "FAQ" [ref=e83] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: /name/nm0006249/?ref_=nmbio_ov_ql_4#faq
              - link "IMDbPro" [ref=e85] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://pro.imdb.com/name/nm0006249/?rf=cons_nmbio_ov_hdr&ref_=cons_nmbio_ov_hdr
              - button "View all topics" [ref=e86] [cursor=pointer]:
                - generic [ref=e88]: All topics
              - button "Share on social media" [ref=e90] [cursor=pointer]
          - generic [ref=e93]:
            - group [ref=e95]:
              - img "Satyajit Ray" [ref=e97]
              - link "Satyajit Ray" [ref=e98] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: /name/nm0006249/?ref_=nmbio_ov_i
            - generic [ref=e100]:
              - heading "Biography" [level=1] [ref=e103]
              - heading "Satyajit Ray" [level=2] [ref=e104]
        - generic [ref=e106]:
          - generic [ref=e107]:
            - generic [ref=e108]:
              - generic [ref=e110] [cursor=pointer]:
                - generic [ref=e111]: Jump to
                - combobox "Jump to" [ref=e114]:
                  - option "Overview (4)" [selected]
                  - option "Biography (2)"
                  - option "Family (4)"
                  - option "Trivia (26)"
                  - option "Quotes (3)"
              - button "Go to Edit" [ref=e115] [cursor=pointer]:
                - generic [ref=e118]: Edit
            - generic [ref=e119]:
              - link "Overview" [ref=e121] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: "#overview"
                - heading "Overview" [level=2] [ref=e122]:
                  - generic [ref=e123]: Overview
              - generic [ref=e126]:
                - generic [ref=e127]: Born
                - generic [ref=e128]:
                  - link "May 2" [ref=e129] [cursor=pointer]:
                    - /url: /search/name/?birth_monthday=5-2&refine=birth_monthday&ref_=nmbio_bth_md
                  - text: ","
                  - link "1921" [ref=e130] [cursor=pointer]:
                    - /url: /search/name/?birth_year=1921&ref_=nmbio_bth_yr
                  - text: ·
                  - link "Calcutta, Bengal Presidency, British India [now India]" [ref=e131] [cursor=pointer]:
                    - /url: /search/name/?birth_place=Calcutta%40%40%40%20Bengal%20Presidency%40%40%40%20British%20India%20%5Bnow%20India%5D&ref_=nmbio_bth_loc
                - generic [ref=e132]: Died
                - generic [ref=e133]:
                  - link "April 23" [ref=e134] [cursor=pointer]:
                    - /url: /search/name/?death_date=1992-4-23&refine=death_monthday&ref_=nmbio_dth_md
                  - text: ","
                  - link "1992" [ref=e135] [cursor=pointer]:
                    - /url: /search/name/?death_date=1992&ref_=nmbio_dth_yr
                  - text: ·
                  - link "Calcutta, West Bengal, India" [ref=e136] [cursor=pointer]:
                    - /url: /search/name/?death_place=Calcutta%40%40%40%20West%20Bengal%40%40%40%20India&ref_=nmbio_dth_loc
                  - text: (heart ailment)
                - generic [ref=e137]: Nicknames
                - generic [ref=e138]: Manik God
                - generic [ref=e139]: Height
                - generic [ref=e140]: 6′ 4½″ (1.94 m)
            - generic [ref=e141]:
              - link "Biography" [ref=e143] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: "#mini_bio"
                - heading "Biography" [level=2] [ref=e144]:
                  - generic [ref=e145]: Biography
              - generic [ref=e148]:
                - generic [ref=e153]:
                  - link "Satyajit Ray" [ref=e154] [cursor=pointer]:
                    - /url: /name/nm0006249/?ref_=nmbio_mbio
                  - text: was born in Calcutta on May 2, 1921. His father, Late
                  - link "Sukumar Ray" [ref=e155] [cursor=pointer]:
                    - /url: /name/nm7861218/?ref_=nmbio_mbio
                  - text: was an eminent poet and writer in the history of Bengali literature. In 1940, after receiving his degree in science and economics from Calcutta University, he attended Tagore's Viswa-Bharati University. His first movie
                  - link "Pather Panchali (1955)" [ref=e156] [cursor=pointer]:
                    - /url: /title/tt0048473/?ref_=nmbio_mbio
                  - text: won several International Awards and set Ray as a world-class director. He died on April twenty-third, 1992.
                  - text: "- IMDb mini biography by: Petra Neumann"
                - generic [ref=e158]:
                  - button [ref=e159] [cursor=pointer]
                  - generic [ref=e164]:
                    - text: There is perhaps no filmmaker who exercised such total control over his work as Satyajit Ray. He was responsible for scripting, casting, directing, scoring, operating the camera, working closely on art direction and editing, even designing his own credit titles and publicity material. His films come as close to complete personal expression as may be possible in cinema. Ray's style grows out of the material itself, and from an inner compulsion to express it clearly. The thread that ties the body of his work together is its strong humanist basis. By his own admission, his films are the antithesis of conventional Hollywood films, both in style and content. His characters are generally of average ability and talents. Perverted or bizarre behavior, violence and explicit sex, rarely appear in his films. His interest lies in characters with roots in their society. What fascinates him is the struggle and corruption of the conscience-stricken person. He brought real concerns of real people to the screen. His works serve to remind us of the wholeness and sanctity of the individual. Above all, Ray's is a cinema of thought and feeling, in which the feeling is deliberately restrained because it is so intense. Although Ray continued to experiment with subject matter and style more than most directors, he always held true to his original conviction that the finest cinema uses strong, simple themes containing hundreds of little, apparently irrelevant details, which only help to intensify the illusion of actuality better. These themes cannot come from the passing fashions of the period; they must be drawn from permanent values.
                    - text: Ray was born in Calcutta into an exceptionally talented family who were prominent in Bengali arts and letters. His father died when he was an infant and his mother and her younger brother's family brought him up. After graduating from Presidency College, Calcutta, in 1940, he studied art at Rabindranath Tagore's University in Shantiniketan, West Bengal. He took up commercial advertising and he also designed covers and illustrated books brought out by Signet Press. One of these books was an edition of Bibhutibhushan Bandyopadhya's novel, "Pather Panchali," which was to become his first film. In 1947, Ray established the Calcutta Film Society. During a six month trip to Europe in 1950, he managed to see 100 films, including Vittorio De Sica's Ladri di Biciclette (1948), which greatly inspired him. He returned convinced that it was possible to make realist cinema and with an amateur crew he endeavored to prove this to the world.
                    - text: In 1955, after incredible financial hardship (shooting on the film stopped for over a year) his adaptation of Pather Panchali was completed. Prior to the 1956 Cannes Film Festival, Indian Cinema was relatively unknown in the West, just as Japanese cinema had been prior to Kurosawa's Rashomon (1950). However, with Pather Panchali, Satyajit Ray suddenly assumed great importance. The film went on to win numerous awards abroad including Best Human Document at Cannes. Pather Panchali's success launched an extraordinary international film career for Ray.
                    - text: "A prolific filmmaker, during his lifetime Ray directed 36 films, comprising of features, documentaries and short stories. These include the renowned Apu trilogy (Pather Panchali, Aparajito (1956) and Apur Sansar (1959)), Jalsaghar (1958), Postmaster (1961), Charulata (1964), Aranyer Din Ratri (1970) and Pikoor Diary (1981) along with a host of his lesser known works which themselves stand up as fine examples of story telling. His films encompass a diversity of moods, techniques, and genres: comedy, satire, fantasy and tragedy. Usually he made films in a realist mode, but he also experimented with surrealism and fantasy. The theme of change, of the countervailing gains and losses attendant on the forces of progress, has often been identified as the central preoccupation of Ray's work. This theme, underlying much of the Apu trilogy, finds its most overt expression in Jalsaghar. Also the inner struggle between traditional and modern values in Indian life has colored several other Ray films. For instance, Devi (1960) is essentially a story exploring the dangers of religious fanaticism and superstition."
                    - text: In 1961, Ray had revived "Sandesh," the children's magazine founded by his grandfather and continued by his father until his premature death. From this time, alongside his movie-making, he also produced a constant flow of illustrations, verses, translations and stories for the magazine. Several of his stories featured Felu Mittar, a private detective and it is one of these that he adapted for his second children's film Sonar Kella (1974). Like all of Ray's children's films it was hugely successful. Wary of making films in a language in which he was not proficient, Ray resisted the idea of moving outside the restricted Bengali. However, he was persuaded to aim for a wider audience by making his first film in Hindu, Shatranji Ke Kilhari (1977), a period piece set in Lucknow 1856.
                    - text: Due to his medical condition, which resulted from a heart attack during the making of Ghare-Baire (1984), Satyajit Ray was told by his doctors not to do any location work and he was forced to shoot in studios. Unfortunately, this constraint of shooting does mar the last of his films as a whole. This is true of not only Ganashatru (1989) but also Shakha Prashakha (1990) and Agantuk (1991).
                    - text: In 1992, Ray's health deteriorated due to heart complications. He was admitted to a hospital but never recovered. Twenty-four days before his death, Ray was presented with an Honorary Academy Award by Audrey Hepburn via video-link; he was in gravely ill condition, but gave an acceptance speech, calling it the "best achievement of [his] movie-making career."
                    - text: He died on 23 April 1992, 9 days before his 71st birthday.
                    - text: "- IMDb mini biography by: Petra Neumann"
            - generic [ref=e165]:
              - link "Family" [ref=e167] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: "#family"
                - heading "Family" [level=2] [ref=e168]:
                  - generic [ref=e169]: Family
              - generic [ref=e172]:
                - generic [ref=e173]: Spouse
                - generic [ref=e175]:
                  - link "Bijoya Ray" [ref=e176] [cursor=pointer]:
                    - /url: /name/nm1142506/?ref_=nmbio_sp_1
                  - text: (1948 - April 23, 1992) (his death, 1 child)
                - generic [ref=e177]: Children
                - link "Sandip Ray" [ref=e180] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /name/nm0712994/?ref_=nmbio_ch_1
                - generic [ref=e181]: Parents
                - generic [ref=e182]:
                  - link "Sukumar Ray" [ref=e184] [cursor=pointer]:
                    - /url: /name/nm7861218/?ref_=nmbio_pa_1
                  - generic [ref=e185]: Suprabha Ray
                - generic [ref=e186]: Relatives
                - generic [ref=e187]:
                  - generic [ref=e188]:
                    - link "Souradip Ray" [ref=e189] [cursor=pointer]:
                      - /url: /name/nm4822424/?ref_=nmbio_re_1
                    - text: (Grandchild)
                  - generic [ref=e190]:
                    - link "Ruma Guha Thakurta" [ref=e191] [cursor=pointer]:
                      - /url: /name/nm0346614/?ref_=nmbio_re_2
                    - text: (Niece or Nephew)
                  - generic [ref=e192]:
                    - link "Upendra Kishore Raychowdhuri" [ref=e193] [cursor=pointer]:
                      - /url: /name/nm0713082/?ref_=nmbio_re_3
                    - text: (Grandparent)
            - generic [ref=e194]:
              - link "Trivia" [ref=e196] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: "#trivia"
                - heading "Trivia" [level=2] [ref=e197]:
                  - generic [ref=e198]: Trivia
              - generic [ref=e201]:
                - generic [ref=e204]:
                  - text: Japanese film-maker
                  - link "Akira Kurosawa" [ref=e205] [cursor=pointer]:
                    - /url: /name/nm0000041/?ref_=nmbio_trv
                  - text: and Ray were acquainted. Kurosawa said of Ray's work, "To have not seen the films of Ray is to have lived in the world without ever having seen the moon and the sun.".
                - generic [ref=e208]:
                  - text: The Legion of Honor is the most prestigious award in France and presented to those having exhibited outstanding lifetime achievement in their chosen field of work. Instead of inviting him over to France for the ceremony, then French president
                  - link "François Mitterrand" [ref=e209] [cursor=pointer]:
                    - /url: /name/nm0594137/?ref_=nmbio_trv
                  - text: personally went to Ray's doorstep in Calcutta to present him with the honor.
                - generic [ref=e212]:
                  - text: In 1967, he wrote a script for a movie entitled "The Alien". Columbia Pictures was in talks to produce it.
                  - link "Peter Sellers" [ref=e213] [cursor=pointer]:
                    - /url: /name/nm0000634/?ref_=nmbio_trv
                  - text: and
                  - link "Marlon Brando" [ref=e214] [cursor=pointer]:
                    - /url: /name/nm0000008/?ref_=nmbio_trv
                  - text: were supposed to be up for the leading roles. However, Ray was surprised to find that the script he had cowritten had already been copyrighted and the fee appropriated. Brando dropped out of the project and, though an attempt was made to bring
                  - link "James Coburn" [ref=e215] [cursor=pointer]:
                    - /url: /name/nm0000336/?ref_=nmbio_trv
                  - text: in to replace him, Ray was disillusioned, had enough of Hollywood machinations and returned to Calcutta. Columbia was interested in reviving the project in the 1970s and 1980s but nothing came of it. When
                  - link "E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial (1982)" [ref=e216] [cursor=pointer]:
                    - /url: /title/tt0083866/?ref_=nmbio_trv
                  - text: was released in 1982, many saw striking similarities in the film to Ray's earlier script. Ray himself believed that
                  - link "Steven Spielberg" [ref=e217] [cursor=pointer]:
                    - /url: /name/nm0000229/?ref_=nmbio_trv
                  - text: "'s movie \"would not have been possible without my script of 'The Alien' being available throughout America in mimeographed copies.\" Spielberg denied this by saying, \"I was a kid in high school when this script was circulating in Hollywood\"."
                - generic [ref=e220]:
                  - text: He won a special life-time achievement award at the 1992 Acadamy Awards. He's the second Indian to have won an Oscar. The first was
                  - link "Bhanu Athaiya" [ref=e221] [cursor=pointer]:
                    - /url: /name/nm0040390/?ref_=nmbio_trv
                  - text: in 1983.
                - generic [ref=e224]: He was an enormous man (about 6' 5" and well over two hundred pounds), having stood nearly a foot taller than the average Indian of his generation.
                - button "21 more" [ref=e227] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - generic [ref=e228]: 21 more
            - generic [ref=e231]:
              - link "Quotes" [ref=e233] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: "#quotes"
                - heading "Quotes" [level=2] [ref=e234]:
                  - generic [ref=e235]: Quotes
              - generic [ref=e238]:
                - generic [ref=e241]: "For the cinema it's much better to be more concentrated in time. It's an instinctive feeling: I can't put it into words why I feel like that. The film's better if the period is a day or a week or fortnight or a month, so that nobody grows up: everybody's as they were in the beginning."
                - generic [ref=e244]: "[on whether or not he is a humanist] Not really. I can't think of being anything else but what is represented by my films. I am not conscious of being a humanist. It's simply that I am interested in human beings. I would imagine that everyone who makes a film is to some extent interested in human beings... I'm slightly irritated (laughs) by this constant reference to humanism in my work - I feel that there are other elements also. It's not just about human beings. It's also a structure, a form, a rhythm, a face, a temple, a feeling for light and shade, composition, and a way of telling a story."
                - generic [ref=e247]: "[on Indian art] Indian art is not one thing. Indian art is so many different schools and styles. (Nevertheless) I think lyricism, the love of nature, the symbolic aspect of art (like showing rain in a few lines of dots in a Rajput miniature) the looking for the essence in natural forms and human forms, and then going for the essence rather than the surface - that I think is primarily what distinguishes Indian art from Western art. Not just Indian art but Eastern art in general. Chinese and Japanese art also, if you come to think about it, have the same qualities as Indian art."
            - generic [ref=e248]:
              - generic [ref=e249]:
                - link "Contribute to this page" [ref=e250] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://contribute.imdb.com/updates?ref_=nmbio_cn_edt&edit=legacy%2Fname%2Fnm0006249%2Fbio
                  - heading "Contribute to this page" [level=2] [ref=e251]:
                    - generic [ref=e252]: Contribute to this page
                - generic [ref=e254]: Suggest an edit or add missing content
              - generic [ref=e255]:
                - link "Go to Learn more about contributing" [ref=e256] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://contribute.imdb.com/czone?ref_=nmbio_cn_cz
                  - text: Learn more about contributing
                - link "Go to Learn more about contributing" [ref=e257] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://contribute.imdb.com/czone?ref_=nmbio_cn_cz
              - link "Edit page" [ref=e261] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://contribute.imdb.com/updates?ref_=nmbio_cn_edt&edit=legacy%2Fname%2Fnm0006249%2Fbio
                - generic [ref=e264]: Edit page
            - generic [ref=e265]:
              - heading "More from this person" [level=2] [ref=e268]:
                - generic [ref=e269]: More from this person
              - generic [ref=e270]:
                - link "View agent, publicist, legal and company contact details on IMDbPro" [ref=e271] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://pro.imdb.com/name/nm0006249/?ref_=nmbio_sa_4
                - link [ref=e272] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://pro.imdb.com/name/nm0006249/?ref_=nmbio_sa_4
          - generic [ref=e275]:
            - heading "More to explore" [level=2] [ref=e278]
            - generic [ref=e279]:
              - group [ref=e281]:
                - group [ref=e282]:
                  - img "Production art" [ref=e284]
                  - link "Photos" [ref=e285] [cursor=pointer]:
                    - /url: /spotlight/lgbtqia-power-couples/rg3163593472/mediaviewer/rm3416230402?ref_=nmbio_sw_csegspot_hpc_i
                    - generic [ref=e291]: Photos
                - generic [ref=e293]:
                  - link "LGBTQIA+ Hollywood Power Couples" [ref=e294] [cursor=pointer]:
                    - /url: /spotlight/lgbtqia-power-couples/rg3163593472/mediaviewer/rm3416230402?ref_=nmbio_sw_csegspot_hpc_t
                    - generic [ref=e295]: LGBTQIA+ Hollywood Power Couples
                  - link "See the gallery" [ref=e297] [cursor=pointer]:
                    - /url: /spotlight/lgbtqia-power-couples/rg3163593472/mediaviewer/rm3416230402?ref_=nmbio_c_sw_csegspot_hpc_cta
              - group [ref=e299]:
                - group [ref=e300]:
                  - img "Production art" [ref=e302]
                  - link "Photos" [ref=e303] [cursor=pointer]:
                    - /url: /gallery/rg2501745408/mediaviewer/rm2824810497/?ref_=nmbio_sw_ff_i
                    - generic [ref=e309]: Photos
                - generic [ref=e311]:
                  - link "Famous Families" [ref=e312] [cursor=pointer]:
                    - /url: /gallery/rg2501745408/mediaviewer/rm2824810497/?ref_=nmbio_sw_ff_t
                    - generic [ref=e313]: Famous Families
                  - link "See the gallery" [ref=e315] [cursor=pointer]:
                    - /url: /gallery/rg2501745408/mediaviewer/rm2824810497/?ref_=nmbio_c_sw_ff_cta
              - generic [ref=e317]:
                - generic [ref=e318]:
                  - generic [ref=e319]:
                    - link "User lists" [ref=e320] [cursor=pointer]:
                      - /url: /lists/nm0006249/?ref_=nmbio_urls_sm
                      - heading "User lists" [level=4] [ref=e321]: User lists
                    - generic [ref=e323]: Related lists from IMDb users
                  - link "Create a list" [ref=e325] [cursor=pointer]:
                    - /url: /list/create/?ref_=nmbio_urls
                    - generic [ref=e327]: Create a list
                - generic [ref=e328]:
                  - generic [ref=e329]:
                    - link "The Auteurs created 4 years ago • 29 people Mouly Surya" [ref=e331] [cursor=pointer]:
                      - /url: /list/ls538775050/?ref_=nmbio_urls_1
                      - generic [ref=e332]:
                        - generic [ref=e333]:
                          - generic [ref=e334]: The Auteurs
                          - generic [ref=e335]:
                            - generic [ref=e336]: created 4 years ago
                            - generic [ref=e337]: •
                            - generic [ref=e338]: 29 people
                        - img "Mouly Surya" [ref=e341]
                    - link "Directors created 10 years ago • 50 people Stanley Kubrick in A Clockwork Orange (1971)" [ref=e343] [cursor=pointer]:
                      - /url: /list/ls039716628/?ref_=nmbio_urls_2
                      - generic [ref=e344]:
                        - generic [ref=e345]:
                          - generic [ref=e346]: Directors
                          - generic [ref=e347]:
                            - generic [ref=e348]: created 10 years ago
                            - generic [ref=e349]: •
                            - generic [ref=e350]: 50 people
                        - img "Stanley Kubrick in A Clockwork Orange (1971)" [ref=e353]
                    - link "Directors created 13 years ago • 20 people Quentin Tarantino at an event for The Oscars (2013)" [ref=e355] [cursor=pointer]:
                      - /url: /list/ls055333656/?ref_=nmbio_urls_3
                      - generic [ref=e356]:
                        - generic [ref=e357]:
                          - generic [ref=e358]: Directors
                          - generic [ref=e359]:
                            - generic [ref=e360]: created 13 years ago
                            - generic [ref=e361]: •
                            - generic [ref=e362]: 20 people
                        - img "Quentin Tarantino at an event for The Oscars (2013)" [ref=e365]
                  - generic [ref=e366]:
                    - link "Directors of the Eternal Frame created 2 months ago • 36 people Christopher Nolan at an event for Inception (2010)" [ref=e368] [cursor=pointer]:
                      - /url: /list/ls4175100238/?ref_=nmbio_urls_4
                      - generic [ref=e369]:
                        - generic [ref=e370]:
                          - generic [ref=e371]: Directors of the Eternal Frame
                          - generic [ref=e372]:
                            - generic [ref=e373]: created 2 months ago
                            - generic [ref=e374]: •
                            - generic [ref=e375]: 36 people
                        - img "Christopher Nolan at an event for Inception (2010)" [ref=e378]
                    - link "Top 30 Bengali (Indian) Film Directors created 12 years ago • 30 people Satyajit Ray" [ref=e380] [cursor=pointer]:
                      - /url: /list/ls059640648/?ref_=nmbio_urls_5
                      - generic [ref=e381]:
                        - generic [ref=e382]:
                          - generic [ref=e383]: Top 30 Bengali (Indian) Film Directors
                          - generic [ref=e384]:
                            - generic [ref=e385]: created 12 years ago
                            - generic [ref=e386]: •
                            - generic [ref=e387]: 30 people
                        - img "Satyajit Ray" [ref=e390]
                    - link "Favorite Filmmakers created 5 months ago • 30 people Ingmar Bergman" [ref=e392] [cursor=pointer]:
                      - /url: /list/ls4152767433/?ref_=nmbio_urls_6
                      - generic [ref=e393]:
                        - generic [ref=e394]:
                          - generic [ref=e395]: Favorite Filmmakers
                          - generic [ref=e396]:
                            - generic [ref=e397]: created 5 months ago
                            - generic [ref=e398]: •
                            - generic [ref=e399]: 30 people
                        - img "Ingmar Bergman" [ref=e402]
              - generic [ref=e404]:
                - generic [ref=e406]:
                  - link "User polls" [ref=e407] [cursor=pointer]:
                    - /url: /poll/?ref_=nmbio_urpl_sm
                    - heading "User polls" [level=4] [ref=e408]: User polls
                  - generic [ref=e410]: Related polls from IMDb users
                - generic [ref=e411]:
                  - generic [ref=e412]:
                    - link "Best Indian Director Anurag Kashyap" [ref=e414] [cursor=pointer]:
                      - /url: /poll/a-XKFErLTa8/?ref_=nmbio_urpl_1
                      - generic [ref=e415]:
                        - generic [ref=e417]: Best Indian Director
                        - img "Anurag Kashyap" [ref=e420]
                    - link "Taurus Directors Wes Anderson" [ref=e422] [cursor=pointer]:
                      - /url: /poll/askfSkeMl88/?ref_=nmbio_urpl_2
                      - generic [ref=e423]:
                        - generic [ref=e425]: Taurus Directors
                        - img "Wes Anderson" [ref=e428]
                    - link "Oscar Nominated Indians Satyajit Ray" [ref=e430] [cursor=pointer]:
                      - /url: /poll/Wie3FIiCUVg/?ref_=nmbio_urpl_3
                      - generic [ref=e431]:
                        - generic [ref=e433]: Oscar Nominated Indians
                        - img "Satyajit Ray" [ref=e436]
                  - generic [ref=e437]:
                    - link "Directors Dealing with Loneliness/Alienation Michelangelo Antonioni" [ref=e439] [cursor=pointer]:
                      - /url: /poll/pmX6vTqRY-E/?ref_=nmbio_urpl_4
                      - generic [ref=e440]:
                        - generic [ref=e442]: Directors Dealing with Loneliness/Alienation
                        - img "Michelangelo Antonioni" [ref=e445]
                    - link "Directors and their Music Stanley Kubrick in A Clockwork Orange (1971)" [ref=e447] [cursor=pointer]:
                      - /url: /poll/9UvmHjVP4ik/?ref_=nmbio_urpl_5
                      - generic [ref=e448]:
                        - generic [ref=e450]: Directors and their Music
                        - img "Stanley Kubrick in A Clockwork Orange (1971)" [ref=e453]
                    - link "So you're stranded on a desert island... Martin Scorsese at an event for The 67th Annual Golden Globe Awards (2010)" [ref=e455] [cursor=pointer]:
                      - /url: /poll/yp4Yfu2ejoI/?ref_=nmbio_urpl_6
                      - generic [ref=e456]:
                        - generic [ref=e458]: So you're stranded on a desert island...
                        - img "Martin Scorsese at an event for The 67th Annual Golden Globe Awards (2010)" [ref=e461]
              - generic [ref=e463]:
                - complementary "Sponsored Content" [ref=e466]:
                  - iframe [ref=e469]:
                    - generic [active] [ref=f56e1]:
                      - link [ref=f56e2] [cursor=pointer]:
                        - /url: "#"
                        - text: ___
                      - iframe [ref=f56e4]:
                        - generic [ref=f77e9] [cursor=pointer]: LEARN MORE
                  - button "Get information, provide feedback or report sponsored ad" [ref=e470] [cursor=pointer]: SPONSORED
                - group [ref=e472]:
                  - group [ref=e473]:
                    - img "Production art" [ref=e475]
                    - link "List" [ref=e476] [cursor=pointer]:
                      - /url: /list/ls594596820/?ref_=nmbio_csegspot_newtitles_i
                      - generic [ref=e484]: List
                  - generic [ref=e486]:
                    - link "New and Upcoming LGBTQIA+ Movie and Series" [ref=e487] [cursor=pointer]:
                      - /url: /list/ls594596820/?ref_=nmbio_csegspot_newtitles_t
                      - generic [ref=e488]: New and Upcoming LGBTQIA+ Movie and Series
                    - link "See the full list" [ref=e490] [cursor=pointer]:
                      - /url: /list/ls594596820/?ref_=nmbio_c_csegspot_newtitles_cta
    - generic [ref=e494]:
      - generic [ref=e496]:
        - heading "Recently viewed" [level=3] [ref=e498]
        - button "Clear all" [ref=e500] [cursor=pointer]:
          - generic [ref=e501]: Clear all
      - group [ref=e502]:
        - group [ref=e504]:
          - group [ref=e505]:
            - img "Satyajit Ray" [ref=e507]
            - button "Add Satyajit Ray to favorite people" [ref=e508] [cursor=pointer]
            - link "Navigation to Satyajit Ray Name Page" [ref=e511] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: /name/nm0006249/?ref_=nmbio_rvi_i_1
          - link "Satyajit Ray" [ref=e513] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: /name/nm0006249/?ref_=nmbio_rvi_t_1
    - contentinfo [ref=e514]:
      - link "Sign in for more access" [ref=e516] [cursor=pointer]:
        - /url: /registration/signin/?u=%2Fname%2Fnm0006249%2Fbio%2F&ref_=nmbio_ftr_reg
        - generic [ref=e517]: Sign in for more access
      - generic [ref=e518]:
        - generic [ref=e519]:
          - generic [ref=e520]:
            - generic [ref=e521]: Follow IMDb on social
            - link "TikTok" [ref=e522] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: https://www.tiktok.com/@imdb
            - link "Instagram" [ref=e524] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: https://instagram.com/imdb
            - link "Twitter" [ref=e527] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: https://twitter.com/imdb
            - link "YouTube" [ref=e529] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: https://youtube.com/imdb/
            - link "Facebook" [ref=e531] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: https://facebook.com/imdb
          - generic [ref=e533]:
            - generic [ref=e534]:
              - generic [ref=e535]: Get the IMDb app
              - generic [ref=e536]: For Android and iOS
            - group [ref=e538]:
              - generic [ref=e539]:
                - img "Get the IMDb app"
              - link "For Android and iOS" [ref=e540] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://slyb.app.link/Aa96cLcBeAb
        - generic [ref=e542]:
          - link "Help" [ref=e543] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: https://help.imdb.com/imdb
            - text: Help
          - link "Site Index" [ref=e545] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: https://help.imdb.com/article/imdb/general-information/imdb-site-index/GNCX7BHNSPBTFALQ#so
            - text: Site Index
          - link "IMDbPro" [ref=e547] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: https://pro.imdb.com?ref_=cons_tf_pro&rf=cons_tf_pro
            - text: IMDbPro
          - link "Box Office Mojo" [ref=e549] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: https://www.boxofficemojo.com
            - text: Box Office Mojo
          - link "License IMDb Data" [ref=e551] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: https://developer.imdb.com/
            - text: License IMDb Data
        - generic [ref=e553]:
          - link "Press Room" [ref=e554] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: /pressroom/?ref_=nmbio_ftr
          - link "Advertising" [ref=e555] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: https://advertising.amazon.com/resources/ad-specs/imdb/
            - text: Advertising
          - link "Jobs" [ref=e557] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: https://www.amazon.jobs/en/teams/imdb
            - text: Jobs
          - link "Conditions of Use" [ref=e559] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: /conditions/?ref_=nmbio_ftr
          - link "Privacy Policy" [ref=e560] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: /privacy/?ref_=nmbio_ftr
          - generic [ref=e561]:
            - link "Your Ads Privacy Choices" [ref=e562] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: /privacy/redirect/?ref_=nmbio_ftr
              - img [ref=e563]
            - link "Your Ads Privacy Choices" [ref=e575] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: /privacy/redirect/?ref_=nmbio_ftr
      - img "IMDb, an Amazon company" [ref=e577]
      - paragraph [ref=e613]: © 1990-2026 by IMDb.com, Inc.
    - button "Back to top" [ref=e614] [cursor=pointer]:
      - generic [ref=e617]: Back to top
    - img
    - status
    - img
  - alert [ref=e618]
```

# Test source

```ts
  1  | import { test, expect } from '@playwright/test';
  2  | 
  3  | test.describe('IMDb Satyajit Ray - Functional Tests', () => { 
  4  |     test.beforeEach(async ({ page }) => {
  5  |         await page.goto('https://www.imdb.com/name/nm0006249/');
  6  |     });
  7  |     test.afterEach(async () => {
  8  |         console.log('Test completed');
  9  |      });
  10 | 
  11 |  //1
  12 |     test('Heading is visible', async ({ page }) => {
  13 |         await expect(page).toHaveURL(/nm0006249/);
  14 |         await expect(page.locator('main')).toBeVisible();
  15 |         await expect(page.getByText('Satyajit Ray(1921-1992)WriterComposerDirectorIMDbProStarmeterSee rank')).toBeVisible();    
  16 |     });
  17 | 
  18 | //2
  19 |     test('Personal details are visible correctly', async ({ page }) => {
  20 |         await page.getByRole('link', { name: 'Personal details' }).click();
  21 |         await expect(page.getByRole('link', { name: 'Calcutta, Bengal Presidency,' })).toBeVisible();
  22 |         await expect(page.getByTestId('nm_pd_pa').getByRole('link', { name: 'Sukumar Ray' })).toBeVisible();
  23 | 
  24 |     });
  25 | 
  26 | //3
  27 |     test('Known for section is working correctly', async ({ page }) => {
  28 |         await page.goto('https://www.imdb.com/name/nm0006249/#personalDetails');
  29 |         await page.getByTestId('nm_kwn_for_0').getByText('Pather Panchali').click();
  30 |         await expect(page.getByRole('link', { name: 'Satyajit Ray' }).first()).toBeVisible();
  31 |     });
  32 | //4
  33 |     test('Awards and nominations contain correct information', async ({ page }) => {
  34 |         await page.getByText('wins & 23 nominations total').click();
  35 |         await expect(page.locator('ul').filter({ hasText: '1992 Winner Honorary AwardFor' })).toBeVisible();
  36 |     });
  37 | 
  38 | //5
  39 |     test('Biography section is visible', async ({ page }) => {
  40 |         await page.getByRole('link', { name: 'Biography' }).click();
> 41 |         await expect(page.getByText('BiographySatyajit Ray')).toBeVisible();
     |                                                               ^ Error: expect(locator).toBeVisible() failed
  42 |     });
  43 | 
  44 | //6
  45 |     test('Writer section is visible', async ({ page }) => {
  46 |         await page.getByRole('heading', { name: 'Writer' }).click();
  47 |         await expect(page.getByText('Bankubabur Bandhu')).toBeVisible();
  48 |     });
  49 | 
  50 | //7   
  51 |     test('Trivia section is visible', async ({ page }) => {
  52 |         await page.getByRole('link', { name: 'Trivia' }).click();
  53 |         await expect(page.locator('div').filter({ hasText: /^Was very fond of actor Nana Patekar\. Wanted to direct him before he died\.$/ }).nth(2)).toBeVisible();
  54 |     });
  55 | 
  56 | //8
  57 |     test('Quotes section contains correct information', async ({ page }) => {
  58 |         await page.getByTestId('faq-title').getByRole('link', { name: 'FAQ' }).click();
  59 |         await expect(page.getByText('When was Satyajit Ray born?')).toBeVisible();
  60 |         await expect(page.getByTestId('faq_md_list_4').getByText('May 2,')).toBeVisible();
  61 |      });
  62 | 
  63 | //9
  64 |     test('Photos section loads correctly', async ({ page }) => {
  65 |         await page.getByRole('link', { name: 'Photos' }).click();
  66 |         await page.getByTestId('mv-gallery-button').click();
  67 |         await expect(page.getByTestId('mosaic-img-1-1').getByRole('img')).toBeVisible();
  68 | });
  69 | //10
  70 |     test('Composer section is visible', async ({ page }) => {
  71 |         await page.getByRole('heading', { name: 'Composer' }).click();
  72 |         await page.getByTestId('accordion-item-amzn1.imdb.concept.name_credit_category.00f5faa0-5f76-4eb5-87a1-ec8d484d1779-Previous').click();
  73 |         await expect(page.getByTestId('cred_amzn1.imdb.concept.name_credit_category.00f5faa0-5f76-4eb5-87a1-ec8d484d1779_10').getByText('An Enemy of the People')).toBeVisible();
  74 |     });
  75 | });
```